feat: New Grouping docs (#2173)
getsentry/sentry-docs: src/platforms/common/data-management/event-grouping/server-side-fingerprinting.mdx

but instead of flipping flags, a fingerprint is assigned that overrides the
default grouping entirely.

These rules can be configured on a per-project basis under _Project Settings > General Settings > Grouping Settings_. You are presented with an input field where you can write custom
fingerprinting rules. The syntax follows the syntax from Discover queries. If
you want to negate the match, you can prefix the expression with an
exclamation mark (`!`).

All values are matched against, and in the case of stack traces, all frames are considered.
If all matches in a line match, then the fingerprint is applied.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
# You can use comments to explain the rules.  Rules themselves follow the
# following syntax:
matcher:expression -> list, of, values
```

This list of values can be hardcoded values or alternatively some variables
whch are substituded.

> This is a practical example which would group exceptions of a specific type

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is a practical example, which groups exceptions of a specific type
```

together:

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
error.type:DatabaseUnavailable -> system-down
error.type:ConnectionError -> system-down

error.value:"connection error: *" -> connection-error, {{ transaction }}
```

## Matchers

All values are matched against, and in the case of stack traces, all frames are considered.
If all matches in a line match, then the fingerprint is applied. The syntax follows
the syntax from Discover queries. If you want to negate the match, you can prefix
the expression with an exclamation mark (`!`).

> Matchers generally use globbing syntax. The following matchers exist:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matchers generally use globbing syntax. The following matchers are available:
```

<DefinitionList>

### `error.type`

alias: `type`

Matches on an exception type (exception name). The match is performed as a case
sensitive glob.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
error.type:ZeroDivisionError -> zero-division
error.type:ConnectionError -> connection-error
```

### `error.value`

alias: `value`

Matches on the exception value. Errors or exceptions often have human readable

> descriptions (values) associated with them. This mathchers lets you do a case

Reviewer: ```suggestion
descriptions (values) associated with them. This matcher allows a case
```

> insensitive match on it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
insensitive match.
```

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
error.value:"connection error (code: *)" -> connection-error
error.value:"could not connect (*)" -> connection-error
```

### `message`

> This matcher matches on a log message. This will also automatically check for

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This matcher matches on a log message. It will also automatically check for
```

the additional exception value as they can be hard to keep apart. The matching
is done case insensitive.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
message:"system encountered a fatal problem: *" -> fatal-log
```

### `logger`

> Matches on the name of the logger. This is useful to combine all messages of a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matches on the name of the logger, which is useful to combine all messages of a
```

> logger together. The match is done case sensitively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
logger together. This match is case sensitive.
```

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
logger:"com.myapp.mypackage.*" -> mypackage-logger
```

### `level`

> Matches on the log level. The match is done case insensitively.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Matches on the log level. The match is case insensitive.
```

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
logger:"com.myapp.FooLogger" level:"error" -> mylogger-error
```

### `tags.tag_name`

Matches on the value of the tag `tag_name`. This can be useful to filter down

> certain types of events. For instance you can separate out events caused by a

Reviewer: ```suggestion
certain types of events. For instance, you can separate out events caused by a
```

certain server:

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
tags.server_name:"canary-*.mycompany.internal" -> canary-events
```

### `stack.abs_path`

alias: `path`

> This matcher matches case insensitively on the path of an event. It uses path

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This matcher is case insensitive matching on the path of an event. It uses path
```

globbing semantics which means that `*` does not match a slash but `**` does.
Note that this matcher actually matches on both `abs_path` and `filename` as
SDKs can be quite inconsistent about how these values are supported. If the
glob matches on either of these values it's considered a match.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
stack.abs_path:"**/my-utils/*.js" -> my-utils, {{ error.type }}
```

### `stack.module`

alias: `module`

This matcher is similar to `stack.abs_path` but matches on the module name

> instead. The match is performed case sensitively and regular globbing rules

Reviewer: ```suggestion
instead. The match is case sensitive and regular globbing rules
```

apply (`*` also matches slashes).

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
stack.module:"*/my-utils/*" -> my-utils, {{ error.type }}
```

### `stack.function`

alias: `function`

This matcher checks if any of the functions in the stack trace match the

> glob. The match is done case sensitively:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
glob. The match is case sensitive:
```

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
stack.function:"my_assertion_failed" -> my-assertion-failed
```

### `stack.package`

alias: `package`

This matcher matches on the "package" of a frame. This is typically the name of
the debug symbol / object file that contains a frame. If any of the frames match
this object file then it matches.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
stack.package:"**/libcurl.dylib" -> libcurl
stack.package:"**/libcurl.so" -> libcurl
```

### `family`

This matcher can be used to "scope" down the matcher. The following families
exist: `javascript` for any type of javascript event, `native` for any type of
native event. Any other platform is called `other`.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
family:native !stack.module:"myproject::*" -> not-from-my-project
```

### `app`

This matcher checks if the frame is in app or not. This is particularly useful
when combined with another matcher. Possible values are `yes` and `no`:

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
app:yes stack.function:"assert" -> assert
```

</DefinitionList>

## Combining Matchers

> When multiple matchers are combined they all need to match. Matchers that

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When multiple matchers are combined, they all need to match. Matchers that
```

operate on frames must all apply to the same frame otherwise they are not

> considered to match. For instance if you match on both function name and module

Reviewer: ```suggestion
considered to match. For instance, if you match on both function name and module
```

> name then a match only exists if a frame exists that matches both the function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name then a match only exists if a frame matches both the function
```

> name and the module name. It's not enough for a frame to exist with the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
name and the module name. It's not enough for a frame to match only with the function name, even if another frame would match the module name by itself.
```

> matching function name only even if there is another frame that would match

Reviewer: remove (added to edit in previous comment)

> the module name by itself.

Reviewer: remove (added to edit in previous comment)

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
error.type:"ScriptError" -> script-evaluation, {{ stack.function }}
```

### `{{ stack.module }}`

alias: `{{ module }}`

This fills in the module name of the "crashing frame". That is the top most
frame that was considered to be in the application code.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
error.type:"ScriptError" -> script-evaluation, {{ stack.module }}
```

### `{{ stack.package }}`

alias: `{{ package }}`

This fills in the package name (object file) of the "crashing frame". That is
the top most frame that was considered to be in the application code.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
stack.function:"assert" -> assertion, {{ stack.package }}
```

### `{{ logger }}`

This fills in the name of the logger that caused an event.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
message:"critical connection error*" -> connection-error, {{ logger }}
```

### `{{ level }}`

This fills in the name of the log level that was used to create an event.

```discover {tabTitle:Fingerprinting Config}
message:"connection error*" -> connection-error, {{ logger }}, {{ level }}
```

### `{{ tags.tag_name }}`

> This fills in the value of a tag into the fingerprint. This can for instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This fills in the value of a tag into the fingerprint, which can, for instance,
```
